# CMPG-323-Overview-30297079

Welcome to the CMPG 323 Course Project Overview repository! This repository tracks the progress of the CMPG 323 course project and related tasks.
 The portfio consistes of 5 main projects and other exercises that consist of contributing to online communities and to also complete training on various certifications and obtaining proof of obtaining the necessary skills.

# **Table of Contents**
1. [Project structure](#project-structure)
2. [Branching Strategy](#branching-strategy)
3. [Upcoming Virtual Classes](#upcoming-virtual-classes)
4. [GitIgnore](#git-ignore)
5. [Submission strategies](#submission-strategies)
6. [Storage of sensitive information](#storage-of-sensitive-information)

[Readme diagram.png](#Readme diagram.png)


## Project Structure
The project consists of Class work, projects and other forms of participation including attending class, being active on internet forums and completion of certifications.


## Branching Strategy
I will use a Gitflow branching strategy. This strategy excels in multiple releases each with their own deadlines. This strategy would simplify the process as most of the additional changes can be easily get their own releases and pulled into the main branch.
It will keep the management of the project simple and more manageable as it isn't overly complex.
I will have these brances:
- **main** branch
-  **feature** branches
- **hotfix** (to fix anything that might be configured incorrectly and learn something more convenient in class)

## Upcoming Virtual Classes
- 10 August Virtual Class
- 24 August Virtual Class
- 17 August Virtual Class
- 31 August Virtual Class
- 7 September Virtual Class
- 14 September Virtual Class
- 24 September Virtual Class
- 5 October Virtual Class
- 12 October Virtual Class
- 19 October Virtual Class
- 26 October Virtual Class
- 28 September Virtual Class
- 2 November Virtual Class

## Git Ignore

A `.gitignore` file is used to specify files and directories that should be ignored by Git. this includes configuration files that are generated by IDEs (in this case, Visual Studio) that make the project work in different environments. This helps keep your repository clean and prevents unnecessary files from being tracked, like the above-mentioned files. I will also exclude files that store sensitive information such as passwords and API keys/tokens from being synchronised, to prevent data leaks.


## Submission strategies
Submissions will involve using a Microsoft Form where I will include necessary certificates and links to the github project. These will be private repositories so I will also add my lecturers as collaborators so that they can see my work and track my progress and grade it.

## Storage of sensitive information
I might use environment variables, on Heroku, to store sensitive information like API tokens so that even if that file is pushed by accident no sensitive information will be leaked.

## Course Work and Community Participation

- CMPG 323 Course Work for Week 32 is currently in progress.
- Participate in online communities during Week 32.
- CMPG 323 Course Work for Week 33 is still pending.
- Participate in online communities during Week 33.

